PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:
More than 15+ years experience of R&D on web application, embeded system.
Creat the best possible user experience for features on desktop and mobile web.
Proficiency on Clousre, Less, HTML Structure, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript,
jQuery, AJAX, Python, SQL, Django, VIM, Eclipse IDE, Git, LAMP constructure, and
comprehensive practical libraries.
Think systematically, implement quickly, innovate eagerly, work passionately.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Oct 2011 to Apr 2014, ChinaCache Internation Holdings Ltd..
Software Engineer,
JOB DESCRIPTION:
Full-package Web developer worked in SSR(Scalable Service Routing) Group of CSP(Core System Platform)
Department, a core team of ChinaCache global CDN(Content Delivery Network)
System. Accomplishing several critical projects as the leading developer.

NOC Visual Web Application, on NOC(Network Operation Center) wildscreen wall,
real-time displays the information about servers, edge nodes, network
performance of CDN. 

Global Network Alarm Information Delivery Platform, including alarm template,
alarm information delivery with sms and email, providing HTTP API for external
system.

CDN Radar System, detecting CC customer service switching
information, recording websites cdn provider information by
scanning ISP LDNS log, finding cdn information by user-provided hostname.

Department KPI Index Web app, collecting the performance of the servers &
network that engineers maintain, and generating daily, weekly, monthly, annually
data charts.

SIS(SSR Information System), global CDN network web portal, querying server
status, network performance, domain channel service quality information.

Developing techonlogy and tools, using JavaScript, jQuery, HighCharts, jVectorMap, Python,
Django, MySQL, Linux, VIM, Eclipse IDE, Google Chrome Developer Tools.

Honor: 
The Annual Best Team of Corporation of 2011.
The department organizer of annual corporation gala.
The organizer of corporation quarter birthday party.

2006 to 2010, self-employed
Tried a variety of careers, English-Chinese translator&interpreter, software
engineer, embeded system engineer.

2004 to 2005, China GRE(Graduate Record Examinations)
Preparing the national GRE test for the Institute MicroElectronics of PKU(Peking
University), reaching the national and pku engineering score, but failed pku
science score.

2003 to 2004, Netac Corp..
Embeded system engineer, developed USB Flash Disk.

1999 to 2003, Group Sense Ltd..
Hardware engineer, design Electrical Handhold Dictionary and PDA(Personal
Digital Assistant).

EDUCATION:
2006 - present,
Self-Study on MIT OCW, UC Berkeley Web Cast, Udacity, Coursera, EDX.
Computer Science & Technology

Life-time self study believer, growing, evolving, and be successful.
Udacity: 
CS101, Intro to Computer Science & Programming Course.
CS253, Web Development
nd001, Front End nanodegree

UC Berkeley Web Cast:
CS 61A, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Program.

EDX:
MITx-6.00x, Introduction to Computer Science and Programming.

2004-2005,
Self studying micro electronics course of PKU(Peking University)

1996-1999,
East China Institute of Technology.
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
Graduate with distinction.
Active member of College Ballroom Dance Club.

REFERENCES:
To Work:
Jacob is a genius! He can shine everywhere. Your team will be green-recycling-battery inside
with Jacob inside. --David

To Life:
Handsom, polite, gentleman, tanlented, Jacob is a full package for everyone and
everything. May God bless him. --John

To myself:
Pursuing dream, happiness, success in the best.
